(W-22175040-Add-note-for-the-AccountRef.name-field-sis (#3232)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: quickbooks/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/quickbooks-online-connector-reference.adoc

= QuickBooks Online Connector 1.0 Reference

[IMPORTANT]
====
As of March 30, 2026 (Sandbox) and April 30, 2026 (Production), the QuickBooks Online Accounting API returns `FullyQualifiedName` in the `AccountRef.name` field for all entities and transactions. Previously, this field returned values inconsistently.

> To avoid integration issues, always use the `AccountRef.value` field when querying for account data. This change does not affect write operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid integration issues, always use the `AccountRef.value` field when querying for account data. This change doesn't affect write operations.
```
